Add lote.credimi.io to the onboarding instructions in trusted-lists-onboarding.md (#124)
webuild-consortium/wp4-trust-group: task1-use-cases/subtask1-1-onboarding/trusted-lists-onboarding.md

**[https://docs.dev.idunion.info/docs/user-guide/#onboarding-to-a-trusted-list](https://docs.dev.idunion.info/docs/user-guide/#onboarding-to-a-trusted-list)**

> Onboarding for debug/testing purposes only is also available at  [https://lote.credimi.io/](https://lote.credimi.io/). Click on onboarding and choos a TL family and then a TL to be onboarded into. Onboarding is fully automatic (configurable in the Admin panel). The software is open source, licensed as Apache2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debug and testing tools for LoTL, TLs and LOTEs is also available at  [https://lote.credimi.io/](https://lote.credimi.io/). Click on onboarding and choose a TL family, then select the TL to be onboarded into. Onboarding is fully automatic (configurable in the Admin panel). The software is open source and Apache 2.0 licensed.
```

> Debug and testing tools for LoTL, TLs and LOTEs is also available at  [https://lote.credimi.io/](https://lote.credimi.io/). Click on onboarding and choose a TL family, then select the TL to be onboarded into. Onboarding is fully automatic (configurable in the Admin panel). The software is open source and Apache 2.0 licensed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A proposal of debug and testing tool for LoTL, TLs and LOTEs is also available at  [https://lote.credimi.io/](https://lote.credimi.io/). Click on onboarding and choose a TL family, then select the TL to be onboarded into. Onboarding is fully automatic (configurable in the Admin panel). The software is open source and Apache 2.0 licensed.
```
